The client for this project is the driving education company DriverPass. They wanted a comprehensive website for students to learn all things about driving and fully prepare them for their driving test. This includes individual account creation, management of the account, the ability to schedule in person driving courses, the ability to access and download study materials, and take practice exams. The students need access to drivers notes and practice exam grades to track their progress. In order for the students to have the best possible experience and learn the most up to date information, the system will pull its information directly from the DMV's online database. 

I felt like my best work was creating the two use cases. They were easy to visualize and I produced them with high quality. On the other side, I felt like my Use Case Diagram could use some refining for readability. Once I put it into the PowerPoint I realized just how difficult it would be to follow for a nontechnical user. Describing it in business terms proved difficult and I wish I had simplified it a bit more. Cutting out some of the less important cases, and even combining some cases would have proved way better for presentation purposes. This is something I will definitely take into account in future design and analysis projects I encounter. 

The user is the boss. If I am unable to take their needs and transform them into a working model for the programmers to use, then the end product will not capture what they need. Their needs are exactly how the program will function, so understanding them and implementing them are paramount. By using the interview transcript and fully comprehending their requirements I was able to create a more effective, reliable, and scalable system that meets DriverPass's business goals. 

Starting with the requirments of the client is massively important. From there I can begin detailing out the plan for how I will create the system. This is where the functional and nonfunctional requirements will be determined and laid out. From there I can begin creating the use cases and designing the class, activity, and sequence diagrams. This will help to understand the behavior of the system and develop the overall structure. 
